Release Notes Aspose.PDF 26.2 (#772)
Aspose/releases.aspose.com: content/en/pdf/net/release-notes/2026/aspose-pdf-for-net-26-02-release-notes.md

---
id: "aspose-pdf-for-net-26-2-release-notes"
slug: "aspose-pdf-for-net-26-2-release-notes"
linktitle: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.2"
title: "Aspose.PDF for .NET 26.2"
weight: 120

> description: "This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancement, and bug fixes in 2026, version 26.2."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancements, and bug fixes in 2026, version 26.2."
```

The conversion can be achieved by using the [`RtfLoadOptions`](https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net/convert-other-files-to-pdf/#convert-rtf-to-pdf) class, which should be passed as a parameter when creating an instance of the Document class.

Here is an example of how to use this feature:

```csharp
// For complete examples and data files, visit https://github.com/aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-for-.NET
private static void ConvertRtfToPdf()
{
    // The path to the documents directory
    var dataDir = RunExamples.GetDataDir_AsposePdf_DocumentConversion();

    // Initialize RTF load options
    var options = new Aspose.Pdf.RtfLoadOptions();

    // Open RTF document
    using (var document = new Aspose.Pdf.Document(dataDir + "ConvertRtfToPdf.rtf", options))
    {
        // Save the document as PDF
        document.Save(dataDir + "ConvertRtfToPdf_out.pdf");
    }
}
```

#### Table Placement After Last Page Element

> Aspose.PDF for .NET now provides the ability to add tables precisely after the last content element on a page. By using the [`Page.CalculateContentBBox()`](https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net/working-with-tables/) method to determine the bounding box of existing content, developers can now calculate the exact position where the last element ends and place tables immediately after it. When table data exceeds the available space on the current page, the table will automatically flow to the next page starting from the top, rather than from the same position as the original table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aspose.PDF for .NET now allows tables to be added precisely after the last content element on a page. By using the [`Page.CalculateContentBBox()`](https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net/working-with-tables/) method to determine the bounding box of existing content, developers can calculate the exact position where the last element ends and place tables immediately after it. When table data exceeds the available space on the current page, the table automatically flows to the next page, starting at the top rather than continuing from the same position as the original table.
```

{
    // Initializes a new instance of the Table
    Aspose.Pdf.Table table = new Aspose.Pdf.Table();

    // Determine the existing content area on the page
    Aspose.Pdf.Rectangle contentArea = doc.Pages[1].CalculateContentBBox();

    // Add the table after the existing content, with the 20pt margin before the table.
    table.Top = (float)(doc.Pages[1].Rect.Height - (contentArea.LLY - 20));

    // Set the top margin for the new pages added.
    doc.PageInfo.Margin.Top = topMargin;

    // create a loop to add 10 rows
    for (int row_count = 1; row_count < 10; row_count++)
    {
        // add row to table
        Aspose.Pdf.Row row = table.Rows.Add();
        // add table cells
        row.Cells.Add("Column (" + row_count + ", 1)");
        row.Cells.Add("Column (" + row_count + ", 2)");
        row.Cells.Add("Column (" + row_count + ", 3)");
    }

    // Add table object to first page of input document
    doc.Pages[1].Paragraphs.Add(table);

    // Save updated document containing table object
    doc.Save(myDir + "document_with_table.pdf");
}
```

#### Complete Deletion of Invisible Text Objects

> Aspose.PDF for .NET now supports complete deletion of invisible text objects from PDF documents. The [`TextFragmentAbsorber`](https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net/extract-text/) class can now properly identify and remove text fragments that have their `TextState.Invisible` property set to `true`, or have a `RenderingMode` of `TextRenderingMode.Invisible`, or have a foreground color with zero alpha channel. Previously, attempting to remove invisible text using `TextFragments.Remove()` did not fully remove the text objects from the document. Now the original code snippet works as expected and successfully removes invisible text fragments from the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aspose.PDF for .NET now supports the complete deletion of invisible text objects from PDF documents. The [`TextFragmentAbsorber`](https://docs.aspose.com/pdf/net/extract-text/) class can now properly identify and remove text fragments that have their `TextState.Invisible` property set to `true`, or have a `RenderingMode` of `TextRenderingMode.Invisible`, or have a foreground color with zero alpha channel. Previously, attempting to remove invisible text using `TextFragments.Remove()` did not fully remove the text objects from the document. Now the original code snippet works as expected and successfully removes invisible text fragments from the document.
```
